doc(python): Improve Python SDK docs / added releases and session documentation. (#4713)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/common/configuration/releases.mdx

## Bind the Version

> Include a release ID (often called a "version") when you initialise the SDK.

Reviewer: We prefer the US spelling on the docs for consistency:

```suggestion
Include a release ID (often called a "version") when you initialize the SDK.
```

## Setting a Release

<PlatformContent includePath="set-release" notateUnsupported />

How you make the release name (or version) available to your code is up to you. For example, you could use an environment variable that is set during the build process or during initial start-up.

Setting the release name tags each event with that release name. We recommend that you tell Sentry about a new release before sending events with that release name, as this will unlock a few more features. Learn more in our [Releases](/product/releases/) documentation.

If you don't tell Sentry about a new release, Sentry will automatically create a release entity in the system the first time it sees an event with that release ID.

After configuring your SDK, you can install a repository integration or manually supply Sentry with your own commit metadata. Read our documentation about [setting up releases](/product/releases/setup/) for further information about integrations, associating commits, and telling Sentry when deploying releases.

<PlatformSection supported={["apple", "android", "javascript", "flutter", "native", "rust", "python", "react-native", "dotnet", "unity"]}>

## Release Health

> Monitor the [health of releases](/product/releases/health/) by observing user adoption, usage of the application, percentage of [crashes](/product/releases/health/#crash), and [session data](/product/releases/health/#session). Release health will provide insight into the impact of crashes and bugs as it relates to user experience, and reveal trends with each new issue through the release details, graphs, and filters.

Reviewer 2: Clarifying where users can find this information 

```suggestion
Monitor the [health of releases](/product/releases/health/) by observing user adoption, usage of the application, percentage of [crashes](/product/releases/health/#crash), and [session data](/product/releases/health/#session). Release health will provide insight into the impact of crashes and bugs as it relates to user experience, and reveal trends with each new issue through the [Release Details](/product/releases/release-details/) graphs and filters.
```

> In order to monitor release health the SDK sends session data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to monitor release health, the SDK sends session data.
```

### Sessions

A session represents the interaction between the user and the application. Sessions contain a timestamp, a duration, a status (if the session was OK or if it crashed), and other information.

Sessions are always linked to a release.

> The SDK will automatically manage the start and end of the sessions when the SDK is initialized.

Reviewer: I realize you just moved the content but since not all SDKs can start/end sessions automatically and the way they work varies a bit, maybe reword somehow to be more generic?

```suggestion
Most Sentry SDKs can manage sessions automatically. For example, mobile SDKs can end session when the app goes to the background for longer than 30 seconds. Other SDKs end the session when the process exit.
```

Author: I also feed the original sentence a little bit confusing. Maybe we just need to tell people "The SDK will automatically send session information" So they know that sessions are recorded, when exactly they start and stop is imho not that important here. What do you think?

Author: I have now applied your suggestion, but removed the examples, because a few paragraphs below is described what a session is. I think the description of what is a session, should be done in the platform specific sections.

Reviewer 2: @bruno-garcia - can you take another look, please?

</Note>

## Setting a release

How you make the release name (or version) available to your code is up to you. For example, you could use an environment variable that is set during the build process or during initial start-up.

Setting the release name tags each event with that release name. We recommend that you tell Sentry about a new release before sending events with that release name, as this will unlock a few more features. See our documentation about [releases](/product/releases/).

If you do not tell Sentry about a new release, Sentry will automatically create a release entity in the system the first time it sees an event with that release ID.

After configuring your SDK, you can install a repository integration or manually supply Sentry with your own commit metadata. Read our documentation about [setting up releases](/product/releases/setup/) for further information about integrations, associating commits, and telling Sentry when deploying releases.

<PlatformSection supported={["apple", "android", "javascript", "flutter", "native", "rust", "python", "react-native", "dotnet", "unity"]}>

## Release Health

### Sessions

> A session represents the interaction between the user and the application. Sessions contain a timestamp, a duration, a status (if the session was OK or if it crashed) and others.

Reviewer 2: Ending that second sentence with "and others" leaves it open for the question "what else?". If we're not prepared to answer that, then maybe we should just end the list at status. If you're dead set on keeping that, then I've made an edit to fix the wording. 
 
```suggestion
A session represents the interaction between the user and the application. Sessions contain a timestamp, a duration, a status (if the session was OK or if it crashed), and other information.
```

> Sessions are always linked to a release and are used to monitor user adoption, usage of the application, percentage of [crashes](/product/releases/health/#crash), and [session data](/product/releases/health/#session) of that release.
> 
> This will give you insight into the impact of crashes and bugs as it relates to user experience, and reveal trends with each new issue through the release details, graphs, and filters.

Reviewer 2: Connecting these two thoughts into one paragraph or the second part becomes a bit confusing in terms of what "this" is referring to. 

Which graphs and filters are you specifically talking about here? The ones on the Release Details page?

```suggestion
Sessions are always linked to a release and are used to monitor user adoption, usage of the application, percentage of [crashes](/product/releases/health/#crash), and [session data](/product/releases/health/#session) of that release. This will give you insight into the impact of crashes and bugs on user experience and reveal trends with each new issue through the release details, graphs, and filters.
```

</PlatformSection>

Monitor the [health of releases](/product/releases/health/) by observing user adoption, usage of the application, percentage of [crashes](/product/releases/health/#crash), and [session data](/product/releases/health/#session). Release health will provide insight into the impact of crashes and bugs as it relates to user experience, and reveal trends with each new issue through the release details, graphs, and filters.

The SDK will automatically manage the start and end of the sessions when the SDK is initialized.

<PlatformContent includePath="configuration/auto-session-tracking" />

> 

Author: I have brought that paragraph back.
